striking facial expression;;;;True
one eye closed;;;;False
grin;;;;True
happy, smiling;;;;True
happy, kind smile, grin;;;;False
happy, excited, open mouth;;;;False
sad, depressed;;;;True
angry, open mouth, yelling;;;;True
frowning facial expression;;;;False
surprised facial expression;;;;True
confused facial expression;;;;False
disgusted facial expression;;;;False
annoyed facial expression;;;;False
curious facial expression;;;;False
shocked facial expression;;;;True
excited facial expression;;;;False
pleased facial expression;;;;False
flirty facial expression;;;;False
suspicious facial expression;;;;False
worried facial expression;;;;False
content facial expression;;;;False
bored facial expression;;;;False
nervous facial expression;;;;False
embarrassed facial expression;;;;False
fearful facial expression;;;;False
skeptical facial expression;;;;False
determined facial expression;;;;False
relieved facial expression;;;;False
amused facial expression;;;;False
thoughtful facial expression;;;;False
pouting facial expression;;;;False
whimsical facial expression;;;;False
apathetic facial expression;;;;False
sleepy facial expression;;;;False
playful facial expression;;;;False
intrigued facial expression;;;;False
sincere facial expression;;;;False
sympathetic facial expression;;;;False
hurt facial expression;;;;False
disappointed facial expression;;;;False
hopeful facial expression;;;;False
tired facial expression;;;;False
dreamy facial expression;;;;False
mocking facial expression;;;;False
sarcastic facial expression;;;;False
shy facial expression;;;;False
startled facial expression;;;;False
impressed facial expression;;;;False
frustrated facial expression;;;;False
grateful facial expression;;;;False
scornful facial expression;;;;False
jealous facial expression;;;;False
bewildered facial expression;;;;False
melancholic facial expression;;;;False
defensive facial expression;;;;False