overcast lighting;;;;True
soft diffuse lighting;;;;True
soft fill lighting;;;;True
brilliant lighting;;;;False
dazzling lighting;;;;False
gleaming light;;;;False
glowing light;;;;False
luminous lighting;;;;False
radiant lighting;;;;False
vivid lighting;;;;False
sunny lighting;;;;False
neon lighting;;;;False
golden lighting;;;;False
dazzling lighting;;;;False
glimmering light;;;;False
intense lighting;;;;False
gleaming light;;;;False
vibrant lighting;;;;False
prismatic lighting;;;;False
fiery lighting;;;;False
sparkling light;;;;False
shimmering light;;;;False
iridescent lighting;;;;False