radiant god rays;;;;True
cinematic lighting;;;;True
edge lighting;;;;True
hard light;;;;True
soft lighting;;;;False
subtle lighting;;;;False
warm lighting;;;;True
twilight lighting;;;;False
hazy lighting;;;;False
mysterious lighting;;;;False
romantic lighting;;;;False
enchanting lighting;;;;False
misty lighting;;;;False
dreamy lighting;;;;False
gentle lighting;;;;False
ethereal lighting;;;;False
whimsical lighting;;;;False
soothing lighting;;;;False
ambient lighting;;;;True
muted lighting;;;;False
elegant lighting;;;;False
pastel lighting;;;;False
artistic lighting;;;;False